DOCS-1090: Document Access Management Plugin (#1115)
minio/docs: source/administration/identity-access-management/pluggable-authorization.rst

         # All other envvars are optional
         MINIO_POLICY_PLUGIN_AUTH_TOKEN="Bearer TOKEN"
         MINIO_POLICY_PLUGIN_ENABLE_HTTP2="OFF"
         MINIO_POLICY_PLUGIN_COMMENT="External Access Management using PROVIDER"

   .. tab-item:: Configuration Settings

      Set the following configuration settings using the :mc-cmd:`mc admin config set` command:

      .. code-block:: shell
         :class: copyable

         mc admin config set policy_plugin \
            url="https://external-authz.example.net:8080/authz" \

            # All other config settings are optional
            auth_token="Bearer TOKEN" \
            enable_http2="off" \
            comment="External Access Management using PROVIDER"

Authentication and Authorization Flow
-------------------------------------

The login flow for an application is as follows:

1. The client includes authentication information as part of performing the API call

2. The configured Identity Manager authenticates the client

3. MinIO makes a POST call to the configured access management plugin URL which includes the context of the API call and authentication data

> 4. On successful authorization, the access manager returns a ``200 OK`` response with a JSON body that matches either  of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On successful authorization, the access manager returns a ``200 OK`` response with a JSON body of either ``result true`` or ``"result" : { "allow" : true }``:
```

Then delete lines 70-75, since we already have the example on lines 128ff.

>    .. code-block:: json
> 
>       { "result" : true }
> 
>       { "result" : { "allow" : true } }

Author: ```suggestion
```

If the access manager rejects the authorization request, MinIO automatically blocks and denies the API call.

Request Body Example
--------------------

> The following JSON resembles the request body sent as part of the POST to the configured access manager webook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following JSON resembles the request body sent as part of the POST to the configured access manager webhook.
```

            "CurrentTime": [ "2022-05-07T18:31:41Z" ],
            "Delimiter": [ "/" ],
            "EpochTime": [
            "1651948301"
            ],
            "Prefix": [ "" ],
            "Referer": [ "" ],
            "SecureTransport": [ "false" ],
            "SourceIp": [ "127.0.0.1" ],
            "User-Agent": [ "MinIO (linux; amd64) minio-go/v7.0.24 mc/DEVELOPMENT.2022-04-20T23-07-53Z" ],
            "UserAgent": [ "MinIO (linux; amd64) minio-go/v7.0.24 mc/DEVELOPMENT.2022-04-20T23-07-53Z" ],
            "X-Amz-Content-Sha256": [ "e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855" ],
            "X-Amz-Date": [ "20220507T183141Z" ],
            "authType": [ "REST-HEADER" ],
            "principaltype": [ "Account" ],
            "signatureversion": [ "AWS4-HMAC-SHA256" ],
            "userid": [ "minio" ],
            "username": [ "minio" ],
            "versionid": [ "" ]
         },
         "owner": true,
         "object": "",
         "claims": {},
         "denyOnly": false
      }
   }

Response Body Example
---------------------

MinIO requires the response body from the Access Management service meet one of the two following formats:

> .. code-block:: json

Reviewer: This repeats lines 71-75. I don't think we need both.

Author: Removed the earlier lines.
